right lobster and potato salad were the
most amazing mayonnaise and that special
farmed caviar tied to lobster tails with
string as the lobster cooks tail stays
nice and straight
poked for six to seven minutes bailiff
lemon lime fennel star anise coriander
bang pop all the potatoes while says
cooking mayonnaise add must have
powdered and white wine vinegar to the
egg yolks whisk whisk whisk slowly add
the olive oil we don't whisk it enough
it splits now for the exciting part a
little bit of truffle oil two or three
little drops beautiful lobster round
nice and straight so it's lot easier to
slice slice the potatoes seasoned and
drizzle with olive oil stuck to the
potatoes and give the lobster blast-off
heat in the pan 30 seconds each side
becoming really chilly and enhances the
flavor lightly dress a salad and serve
five nice slices of potato five nice
medallions of lobster a teaspoon of
truffle mayonnaise on a potato finishing
the salad with this baby perfect
absolutely amazing my god it has to be
the perfect dish for the Last Supper a
salad of potato lobster truffle
mayonnaise and the most amazing
caviar